Copyright (C) 1990,1991,1992 David R. Hanson
All Rights Reserved.

The lcc front end is protected by copyright.  It is not public-domain
software, shareware, and it is not protected by a ``copyleft''
agreement, like the code from the Free Software Foundation.

The lcc front end is available free for your personal research and
instructional use under the ``fair use'' provisions of the copyright
law.  You may, however, redistribute the lcc front end in whole or in
part provided you acknowledge its source and include this COPYRIGHT
file.

You may not sell the lcc front end or any product derived from it in
which the front end is a significant part of the value of the product.
Using the lcc front end to build a C syntax checker is an example of
this kind of product.

You may use the lcc front end in products as long as you charge for
only those components that are entirely your own and you acknowledge
the use of the lcc front end clearly in all product documentation and
distribution media. You must state clearly that your product uses or is
based on the lcc front end and that the lcc front end is available free
of change.  You must also request that bug reports on your product be
reported to you.  Using the lcc front end to build a C compiler for the
Motorola 88000 chip and charging for and distributing only the 88000
code generator is an example of this kind of product.

Using parts of the lcc front end in other products is more problematic.
For example, using parts of lcc in a C++ compiler could save
substantial time and effort and therefore contribute significantly to
the profitability of the product.  This kind of use, or any use where
others stand to make a profit from what is primarily my work, is
subject to negotiation.
